cooking problem well today I'm gonna
make you something really nice a nice
pickle dish mashed potato and such ease
it England they call it much more - bang
bang bang bang that's what they called
it but I'm gonna make you much potato as
such and it's really nice right over
here I have a pack of such is right here
we two four one two three four five six
pieces inside of it say if I either
simple let's remove the plastic from it
then maybe nice much going on inside of
there simple move the plastic and this
is the way it look and then super what I
do I'm just gonna cut them and lay them
inside put them in the oven for roughly
one good 20 minutes inside after all way
and in the meantime I'm gonna piece on
potato and also make a nice and of it
mush how many guys on a lot the recipe
enjoy my recipe as I said obvious
subscribe to youtube channel and visit
my website sign up for free if you want
to win a book if you want to win
something from chef Okada write
something about the way said when you
sign up in the description box thank you
very much such is 20 minutes inside of
the event if not give you 25 minutes
when they get browned that dark that
beautiful polish color that's what
you're looking for when we're gonna make
a mashed potato and such as nothing that
they can't gonna peel some nice medium
sized potato right here let's remove
this kingdom from the potato I have a
medium sized cut right here at the
moment on the stove I'm not a simple
good idea I got a tablespoon up on
vegetable oil or LaPenta straight inside
of it like this
and I have a pinch of salt unless that
are put inside of it roughly a teaspoon
of salt come right back simple in the
meantime remove the skin from the potato
just like this after you put it won't
want to simple say to you if you've got
a peeler you can also use a peeler if
you want to use a knife you can use an
ad but be careful when you use in your
knife but for me I know what I'm doing
so I'm just using my life but
please if you're using a knife just very
very careful the next simple numbers is
into six pieces and this is the way I
look when I've cut them whether I want a
simple say - you don't need to wash them
cause you know them most I know you by
potato neck already come clean if
they're not we can read wash them if you
like so understand another let's put
this in straight inside of the water and
I'm gonna do also the rest of the tree
just like that meantime that put you in
the oven just gonna be cooking in a
minute and generous people are sort of
komissarov a good match for the mashed
potato is ready inside of the putter
just turn off my stove and as I can see
what are simple ways to train out that
water another put in this pot and I'm
gonna show you on others ingredients
which are little use inside of it that's
it guys can do its same thing at home so
angel so we're gonna simple do and spoon
of water inside of it just like this
very nice next little pinch of pepper
inside of it cause purple so I have some
all the milk right here I'm gonna put a
little bit of mint inside of it just a
little bit on it not too much milk then
next use your mush and simple wash it
like this
let me die I'm watching this then they
put divot that touches inside open
getting ready simple use a spoon scrape
our own aside looking lovely a nice
simple just takes it a little bit mmm
really nice and you can also put sweet
corn inside out if you like you can put
cheese you can't really play the light
inside of it but this is just beautiful
a nice
what would a simple - no I'm just
changed its beautiful suckas from the
oven and this is the way or there look
if you see the way already looking
really lovely and nice now I'm gonna
share thought I don't play nothing guys
can see what I'm talking about cause
this is gonna look really nice and did
it so take a white on in a while ago
off about ten minutes inside of a
frying pan with a little bit of olive
oil and a little bit to sugar and a
pinch of a soft inside of the pot and a
salt take out that from over roughly ten
minutes now a little Shiro this I know
you guys got a little of it I did have
them in the oven for roughly 25 minutes
let's see I'm just sheer thought I put
trees such as little bit the screen and
move it up the sweet con wish I did
earlier and also right over here is the
most petite you can are between any kind
of match any sudden they do like to
humble it I'm gonna put a little slap on
it to make me happy with it and also you
can make gravy and also put it on the
side of it really nice with gravy
because mashed potato and and such as
this Bank Bank so you need a little bit
as a creamy and the side of it but I
have some white on and on top of it and
this is the mush so enjoy the recipe and
please subscribe my youtube channel put
your comments below and honest
we have a lot more recipe coming up for
you guys so let's enjoy the recipe and
remember to visit my website
chef ricotta that color ticket and also
leave a brief comments about this person